---
layout: post
title: 2016 Events
subtitle: Events Invites
date: 2016-02-11 18:00:00 +0000
tags:
- 2016
---

# [INIT] - The Gathering

**\[INIT\] - The Gathering**

Let's meet and share something c00l!

**\[Goals\]**

Learn something new, get to know others g33ks, build an information security community/group in the Porto area and the most important thing have fun.

**\[Agenda\]**

Who are you? (Members/Participants small introduction)
Show and tell*, bring something cool 😈 (10m-15m "Talk")
Social drinks on the house 😉

**\[Not Sure if I'm Welcome\]**

Don't think twice, just come.

*Not mandatory.

x0POSOCEM eeut psia obtul aenrni gna dhsrani g0cl0s utff


# [0x31] - The Meet

The first meetup was great and represents the first step towards our goals, thanks to everyone that made it possible and shared their "tips and tricks", on the same spirit let's bring more knowledge and more content. Hopefully, at this meeting, some international "wisdom" will be with us 😀 .

**\[Goals\]**

Learn something new, get to know other g33ks, build an information security community/group in the Porto area and the most important thing have fun.

**\[Agenda\]**

Who are you? (New participants small introduction)
Show and tell (not mandatory), bring something cool 😈 (10m-15m "Talks")
Social drinks on the house 😉

**\[Not Sure if I'm Welcome\]**

Don't think twice, just come.
Note: When someone is RSVP to an event is grabbing a seat that could be for other, make sure that you can attend before answering.

**\[Challenge\]**

http://pathonproject.com/zb/?335c4081eeab4d9d#SUG2/S9aC6QUTf6CIVQtG+kFMldXmJg4bFWyY5tiGhg=
