---
layout: post
title: 2024 Events
subtitle: Events
date: 2024-01-24 18:00:00 +0000
tags:
- 2024
---

# [0x696E69743234] - The Meet

Welcome to 2024!

We're thrilled to kick off the year with our first meetup. Our commitment to sharing knowledge is as strong as our morning coffee, and we're aiming for a stellar year that's truly out of this world!

We have exciting news to share. Our very special guest, Jean-Francois Mousinho (@jemos), is all set to join us on stage, and this time, it's for real! He will be sharing his expertise in chip development, shedding light on the ubiquitous presence of green boards in various domains, from silicon to security. Get ready for an insightful introduction to chip development, implementation, and vulnerabilities.

If that's not enough excitement for you, hold on tight because Gustavo Pinto (@ArmySick) will be breaking down our classic Xmas Challenges. Be on the lookout for the final write-ups, and get ready to cheer on our top-performing players (we've got a few hidden gems up our sleeves).

Please remember this is an IRL event with no streams available. Before RSVP-ing, ensure you can attend and physically show up, as good logistics depend on it.

In the meantime, you can join our Slack chat (*) to discuss all kinds of hackish stuff and, of course, interact with other members.
*https://bit.ly/3XbyGQu (+)

Hope to see you soon!

**\[Goals\]**

Learn something new, get to know other g33ks, and, the most important thing, have fun.

**\[Agenda\]**

- "Hardware Chips and Security" (EN/PT) by Jean François Mousinho (@jemos)   
- "The Fall of the Xmas Challenge" (EN/PT) by Gustavo Pinto (@ArmySick)   

**\[Challenge\]**

OPO Xmas CTF '23 is in town! (Last Call!)

URL: https://opoxmas23.armysi.cc/

PS: Get help on the usual channel #ch4llenges.


---------
_Feb 21, 2024_
# [0x4F766572313021] - The Meet

2024 got off to a flying start! A big thank you to everyone who attended our first meet-up of the year. Can you believe that 0xOPOSEC has been around for eight years already? Mind-boggling, to say the least. We're thrilled to celebrate this fantastic milestone with all of you!

To kick off the festivities, we have Mario Lima (@comet) making his debut on stage. He'll be guiding us through modern defenses, diving into topics like network intrusion detection systems, EDRs, and how attackers navigate through them successfully. But hold onto your hats; the fun isn't over yet! Ricardo Almeida (@vibrio) is making a comeback to share his expertise and cunning techniques for exploiting Windows features to get a cmd line with elevated privileges**.** Don't miss out on this unique opportunity!

Your support is like the secret sauce that makes 0xOPOSEC extra special. Let's keep the learning, networking, and hacking party going for many moons to come!

In the meantime, you can join our Slack chat (*) to discuss all kinds of hackish stuff and, of course, interact with other members.
*https://bit.ly/3XbyGQu (+)

Cheers!

**\[Goals\]**

Learn something new, get to know other g33ks, and, the most important thing, have fun.

**\[Agenda\]**

- "Celebrating 8 years of sharing!" (PT/EN) by Renato Rodrigues (@SiMpS0N)   
- "How I stay hidden in your network" (PT/EN) by Mario Lima (@comet)   
- "Abusing Windows Privileged File Operations" (PT/EN) by Ricardo Almeida (@vibrio)   

**\[Challenge\]**

Firewalls, packet filters, intrusion detection systems, and similar tools frequently struggle to differentiate between packets with malicious intent and those that are simply unconventional. If only a method existed to discern between these two scenarios.

Take a peek at this network dump (//pathonproject.com/network.pcap) and see if you can snag the flag. Remember, the flag format should be in the "ctf{...}" style and ping (@)simps0n with the solution.
